NAME

      gcloud compute - read and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud compute GROUP | COMMAND [GLOBAL-FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION

      Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      Run $ gcloud help for a description of flags available to all commands.

GROUPS

      GROUP is one of the following:

      addresses

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine addresses.

      backend-services

         List, create, and delete backend services.

      disk-types

         Read Google Compute Engine virtual disk types.

      disks

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks.

      firewall-rules

         List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine firewall rules.

      forwarding-rules

         Read and manipulate forwarding rules to send traffic to load balancers.

      http-health-checks

         Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances.

      images

         List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.

      instance-templates

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates.

      instances

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      machine-types

         Read Google Compute Engine virtual machine types.

      networks

         List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine networks.

      operations

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine operations.

      project-info

         Read and manipulate project-level data like quotas and metadata.

      regions

         List Google Compute Engine regions.

      routes

         Read and manipulate routes.

      snapshots

         List, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.

      target-http-proxies

         List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

      target-instances

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual target instances.

      target-pools

         Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

      target-vpn-gateways

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Gateways.

      url-maps

         List, create, and delete URL maps.

      vpn-tunnels

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Tunnels.

      zones

         List Google Compute Engine zones.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      config-ssh

         Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

      copy-files

         Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

      reset-windows-password

         Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

      ssh

         SSH into a virtual machine instance.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK compute component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

